Licence to use the SOFTWARE named PYCORR
contact : pycorr@univ-grenoble-alpes.fr

This license contract aims to define the terms and conditions under which University Grenoble Alpes
(UGA) grants a free right to use the SOFTWARE to the User, who accepts it. This License (the
"License") applies to the software identified as PYCCOR (the "SOFTWARE") whose owner (the
"Licensor") has placed the following licensing notice adjacent to the copyright notice for the
SOFTWARE:

1) Grant of Copyright License. Licensor grants to the User a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive,
sublicensable license, for the duration of the copyright, to do the following: 
a) to reproduce the SOFTWARE in copies, either alone or as part of a collective work; 
b) to translate, adapt, alter,transform, modify, or arrange the SOFTWARE, thereby creating derivative
works ("Derivative Works") based upon the SOFTWARE; 
c) to distribute or communicate copies of the SOFTWARE and Derivative Works to the public, under any
license of the User’s choice that does not contradict the terms and conditions, including Licensor's
reserved rights and remedies, in this License; 
d) to perform the SOFTWARE publicly; and 
e) to display the SOFTWARE publicly.


2) Grant of Patent License. Licensor grants to the User a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive,
sublicensable license, for the duration of the SOFTWARE’s protection by intellectual property
rights, to study, use, have made, and import the SOFTWARE and Derivative Works for academic
purposes. Such use can in no case be commercial use without express prior permission of the
Licensor.


3) Grant of Source Code License. The term "Source Code" means the preferred form of the SOFTWARE for
making modifications to it and all available documentation describing how to modify the SOFTWARE.
Licensor agrees to provide a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the SOFTWARE along with
each copy of the SOFTWARE that Licensor distributes. Licensor reserves the right to satisfy this
obligation by placing a machine-readable copy of the Source Code in an information repository
reasonably calculated to permit inexpensive and convenient access by the User for as long as
Licensor continues to distribute the SOFTWARE.


4) Exclusions From License Grant. Neither the names of Licensor, nor the names of any contributors
to the SOFTWARE, nor any of their trademarks or service marks, may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this SOFTWARE without express prior permission of the Licensor. Except as
expressly stated herein, nothing in this License grants any license to Licensor's trademarks,
copyrights, patents, trade secrets or any other intellectual property. No license is granted to the
trademarks of Licensor even if such marks are included in the SOFTWARE. Nothing in this License
shall be interpreted to prohibit Licensor from licensing under terms different from this License any
SOFTWARE that Licensor otherwise would have a right to license.


5) External Deployment. The term "External Deployment" means the use, distribution, or communication
of the SOFTWARE or Derivative Works in any way such that the SOFTWARE or Derivative Works may be
used by anyone other than the User, whether those works are distributed or communicated to those
persons or made available as an application intended for use over a network. As an express condition
for the grants of license hereunder, the User must treat any External Deployment by the User of the
SOFTWARE or a Derivative Work as a distribution under section 1(c).


6) Attribution Rights. The User must retain, in the Source Code of any Derivative Works that the
User creates, all copyright, patent, or trademark notices from the Source Code of the SOFTWARE, as
well as any notices of licensing and any descriptive text identified therein as an "Attribution
Notice." the User must cause the Source Code for any Derivative Works that the User creates to carry
a prominent Attribution Notice reasonably calculated to inform recipients that the User has modified
the SOFTWARE.


7) Disclaimer of Warranty. Except as expressly stated in the immediately preceding sentence, the
SOFTWARE is provided under this License on an "AS IS" BASIS and WITHOUT WARRANTY, either express or
implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of non-infringement, merchantability or
fitness for a particular purpose. the entire risk as to the quality of the SOFTWARE is with the
User. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential part of this License. No license to the
SOFTWARE is granted by this License except under this disclaimer.


8) Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, whether in tort
(including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall the Licensor be liable to anyone for any
indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this
License or the use of the SOFTWARE including, without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, work
stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses.


9) Acceptance and Termination. If, at any time, the User expressly assented to this License, that
assent indicates his clear and irrevocable acceptance of this License and all of its terms and
conditions. If the User distributes or communicates copies of the SOFTWARE or a Derivative Work, the
User must make a reasonable effort under the circumstances to obtain the express assent of
recipients to the terms of this License. This License conditions your rights to undertake the
activities listed in Section 1, including your right to create Derivative Works based upon the
SOFTWARE, and doing so without honoring these terms and conditions is prohibited by copyright law
and international treaties. Nothing in this License is intended to affect copyright exceptions and
limitations (including "fair use" or "fair dealing"). This License shall terminate immediately and
the User may no longer exercise any of the rights granted to the User by this License upon your
failure to honor the conditions in Section 1(c).


10) Termination for Patent Action. This License shall terminate automatically and the User may no
longer exercise any of the rights granted to the User by this License as of the date the User
commences an action, including a cross-claim or counterclaim, against Licensor or any licensee
alleging that the SOFTWARE infringes a patent. This termination provision shall not apply for an
action alleging patent infringement by combinations of the SOFTWARE with other software or hardware.


11) Jurisdiction, Venue and Governing Law. Any action or suit relating to this License may be
brought before the competent courts of Grenoble, France which shall apply french law. Any use of the
SOFTWARE outside the scope of this License or after its termination shall be subject to the
requirements and penalties of copyright or patent law in the appropriate jurisdiction. This section
shall survive the termination of this License.


12) Attorneys' Fees. In any action to enforce the terms of this License or seeking damages relating
thereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with such action,
including any appeal of such action. This section shall survive the termination of this License.


13) Miscellaneous. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision
shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.


14) Definition of the "User" in This License. The "User" throughout this License, whether in upper
or lower case, means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all
of the terms of, this License. For legal entities, The "User" includes any entity that controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with you. For purposes of this definition, "control" means
(i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares,
or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.


15) Right to Use. The User may use the SOFTWARE in all ways not otherwise restricted or conditioned
by this License or by law, and Licensor promises not to interfere with or be responsible for such
uses by the User. If User wishes to use the SOFTWARE in other ways than those authorized in this
license, he shall seek the prior express permission of the Licensor at the following address: 
